today I'm talking about the pastor JDM
Power Chamber intake for the x-gen Civic
Si this is what it looks like here
you've got this piece here in the kit
I ordered it all together with the
Odyssey battery lightweight battery it's
about half the size of factory battery
and it also comes with the relocator kit
and the filter and a bunch of other
goodies quality is very good on it looks
awesome there's no doubt about that and
the build quality is there as well looks
like they took the time with it and made
a really good product I chose this
intake because I like the position of
the filter it looks like it's far away
from any heat sources on the engine and
so today I'm gonna be installing and
showing you a little step by step so I
hope enjoy so once you get these bolts
loosened up you can pull this tie down
right off like that put it to the side
and the battery should just pull right
out it's pretty heavy so watch out and
lift that thing out of there once you
pull the battery out go ahead and remove
this plastic tray and underneath that
the battery sits on a steel tray and it
looks like there's two bolts here about
10 millimeters go ahead and remove those
as well I took out these two bolts here
for the battery tray and it looks like
there's another one down below here and
in order to get to that I removed which
normally would go to the intake
resonator I remove that ductwork from
the stock airbox just to give me a
little bit more room I remove this steel
tray here in total there were four bolts
too that were visible here and here and
two along the frame rail there's one
back closest to the firewall it's really
hard to get to but it's parallel to the
other one and they're both along the
frame rail so once you have those out
you got a little bit
more working room and should be a little
bit smoother from here okay next thing
I'm going to do I've got the coolant
reservoir out of the way by the way just
unscrew the cap and took it off next
thing though is going to be to take off
this top piece of the airbox it's very
simple just the couple clips that hold
it on here just unsnap them like that
and I can lift off the top like this and
work it around a little bit to get it
out of the way and from there
I'm going to be taking out these three
bolts that hold the lower part of the
filter okay now that I got these two
screws loose on the MAF sensor I'm just
going to slowly pull it out I'm gonna be
very delicate with it and from there I
just unclip all the lines that follow it
from the stock tubing and remove it from
the throttle body so I removed the
tubing from the throttle body there now
what I'm going to do is loosen up these
bolts here that hold the lower half of
the stock intake box got it bolted down
the relocator once again using the bolts
provided into the frame rail make sure
they're really nice and snug and
relocate this wire here just pass it
around so that it can sit flush here and
I'm actually going to go ahead I put the
terminals on my Odyssey battery here the
brass terminals I'm actually going to
flip it around I said I was going to go
positive towards the passenger side but
I'm actually going to go negative so
that this cable doesn't have to be
reached all the way over there I can
just put it nice and easy in there so
I'm going to go ahead and drop the
battery down in here into the relocator
just one side in goes and it just sits
like that and from there I'm going to go
ahead and use this piece provided here
it's the top tie-down and it slides into
those studs like that and bolts in it's
also got a spot for your coolant
reservoir that will just clip in in
place of the factory oh you got the
battery in I got the clamp on top I
coolant reservoir in there and it just
slides right in make sure your battery
terminals are nice and tight
before you do anything else because you
probably won't have access to a master
and once again I put the positive on the
driver's side negative on the other side
because it just worked better I didn't
want to stretch or kink the cable or
anything like that so next step I'm
going to be doing is installing the
carbon fiber intake okay so I'm just
finishing up the install right now you
just want to fit this guy in put it all
together first put the filter on outside
of the engine bay put the coupler on the
elbow I should say all the clamps that
go with it
clamp the hoses down into the
appropriate spots and don't forget to
put your MAF sensor back and tighten
those two Phillips head screws and that
should be it we'll start it up after
this
right now it's reading at 104 degrees
Fahrenheit it's fully warmed up the car
temperature it's reading much lower once
again the car is fully warmed up same
conditions as before and significantly
lower
I'm gonna smash some gears out right
here hopefully you can get a good
indication of what it sounds like
VTEC crossover is pretty aggressive so
here it goes
Oh